whoa I steal my joint that is still my
joint right there man Jamie flies Kanye
West and no other than this man right
here man
go ahead hit this yourself if you need
to show me mad time with the match let's
see it's a good thing you're still doing
it with the people that you came up with
yeah man you got some you know want to
keep the sound the same and get a friend
what they've been waiting for you know
so right way tonight you had the rocket
it's time your first time in area man
what can the people expect to see from
you tonight fire pit is going down your
voice mr. gonna come in there
yall already know I got the jam that I
want to hear then I got some things I
want y'all to hear that I think that's
off to change so just get prepared for a
live show you all other players you
prepared to highlight a cool brother
and although
this was that a it's the POW a today
twisting countdown man yeah definitely
hitch all over the head with a do a
psychodrama
Joel 16 man Jones fishing make sure
y'all grab it is some fish Joel 16 is
going down category very nice grab whole
town you know what is DJ Ferguson charge
man Lansing stand up Jackson stand up
Jay Hicks twisted wiener building
tonight is going down rocket nightclub
Jackson we're making a movie everybody
is the Playboy the big homie twist is in
the building Midwest stand up how we get
it in you feel me this is my hometown
right you feel me you bring you the
hardest man we got got to man like you
know I've been out of
nine years now I'm saying and I come
back into this past Christmas okay
before that I ain't been hit three years
but I've been in Atlanta you know Sam
right so when I came back I was like yo
I want to get back to where I started
from and I started DJing here someone
grabbed x1 start bringing the homies to
hit I'm saying so people can you know me
is like a lot of times people don't come
to it right so you know saying it's time
for like feel like me and you were gonna
bring it back you know we mean you talk
we're gonna make a movie this summer so
y'all soon Twista gonna come back me and
Jay hits we're gonna get together I'm
gonna do some things out to water skills
Chris Jones what up we're gonna make a
movie still hanging out we're never come
on man it's coming out with Joel 16 you
know I'm saying come check me out you
know little sandblow is gonna be giving
in tonight yeah boy you could be on the
lookout for that mixtape we got coming
deejay infamous twisted mixtape is about
to be crazy we're doing MTV mix my tape
Monday it's gonna be all over the
internet it's gonna be JD JD high-rent
twisting it was the first time it's the
Midwest connection right hand you don't
apply there's no big crazy
crazy